Brandan Ramnandan

I'm a 20 Year Old Student Born and Raised In New York City

My Interests are, Basketball, Video Editing, Video Games, and Graphic Design

The Major I chose to pursue is Emerging Media Technology, the reason is because of my interests in graphic design and video editing and my determination to improve my skills to the max.

My Daily motivations are My Grandmother, who I recently lost and I'd do anything just to make her proud.
Also My Older Brother who taught me so much and always reminds me that I can improve everyday.
Next would have to be my Dear Mother, and my Girlfriend, the two most important women in my life and the reason I have to keep going.
Lastly, the things I went through when I was in high school, which I will speak more about.

When I was in High School I got really sick, this caused me to miss months and months of school and I would fall behind a whole year and a half.
I used this as my fuel to my fire, it pushed me to get the highest grades I had ever gotten in HS, eventually leading to my graduation.
This is a memory that made me who I am today and I will forever carry it with me when things get tough in order to remind myself, no matter how hard you fall, you can always come back from it.
Currently my only work experience I have is my internship I took part in during my senior year of HS.
Growing up, my dream job was always to make the NBA, although I didn't grow as tall as I wanted, still i'm not embarrassed at all to say that because I'm still better than everyone in my family, also I'm always the smallest guy on the court yet, the most deadly because of my jump-shot and ball-handle which I worked on growing up in addition to my quickness.
In 5 years, I'm shooting as high as possible, things have been slow for me since I graduated HS and got my drivers license, but that only means there's much more to come in the future.
I'm going to work as hard as I can in college and try to find myself a job (Hopefully an IT) once I get a good enough schedule, hopefully leading to a better job, a car, and most importantly, since I'll be 25 at the time, I see myself being engaged to my girlfriend because she's been by my side through so much and it'll just be me and her making money together, building towards our future.
Also I still have another dream I want to accomplish, that is to become a famous YouTuber, something I've also been passionate about since I was a youth, I love editing and recording and just the whole process that comes with YouTube, I'm gonna be famous one day and i'll be able to make money off what I love doing the most, Basketball.
